src/index.md, before:


## Swedish Requirements Engineering Network

![](img/siren-logo.png "SiREN logo")

*Network meeting comming up:* [**SiREN Signal 2025**](2025/index.html)

## About

* **SiREN** is a non-profit network of **academic scholars in Sweden** with a deep interest in **Requirements Engineering (RE) research and practice**.

* Our annual meetings focus on work by **PhD students** in Sweden with a thesis project in any way connected to requirements of software-based systems.

* We also invite research-oriented software engineering **practitioners** from Swedish industry with a deep interest in RE.

## Organisation

Contact bjorn.regnell@cs.lth.se if you are interested in becoming a Node Representative or Industry Ambassador of SiREN. If you are a PhD student in Software Engineering with an interest in Requirements Engineering and wants to participate at SiREN Signal meetings then contact a Node Representative near you.


### Chairs and Founders

* Signals Program Co-chairs: [Docent Jennifer Horkoff](https://www.chalmers.se/en/persons/jenho/) and [Professor Eric Knauss](https://www.chalmers.se/en/persons/knauss/)
* Steering Committee Chair, Co-founder: [Professor Björn Regnell](https://cs.lth.se/bjorn-regnell/)
* Co-founder: [Professor Kristian Sandahl](https://liu.se/en/employee/krisa34)
* Co-founder: [Professor Jürgen Börstler](https://www.bth.se/eng/staff/jurgen-borstler-jub/)
* Co-founder: [Professor Emerita Anne Persson](https://www.linkedin.com/in/anne-persson-9959073/)

### Node Representatives

* Göteborg: [Professor Eric Knauss](https://www.chalmers.se/en/persons/knauss/)
* Karlskrona: [Professor Daniel Mendez Fernandez](https://www.bth.se/staff/daniel-mendez-fernandez-dmz/)
* Linköping: [Docent Lena Buffoni](https://liu.se/medarbetare/olero90)
* Lund: [Senior Lecturer Marcus Borg](https://cs.lth.se/markus-borg/)
* Malmö: TBD
* Mälardalen: [Senior Lecturer Luciana Provenzano](https://www.es.mdu.se/staff/2958-Luciana_Provenzano)
* Stockholm: [Senior Lecturer Eric Svee](https://www.su.se/profiles/ersv6598-1.188778)

### Industry Ambassadors

* [Anders Ekman](https://www.linkedin.com/in/anders-ekman-271563/), Stockholm, CEO at Celeris Consulting 
* [Peter Sjöberg](https://www.linkedin.com/in/petersjoebergvaesteras/), Västerås, Senior Systems Engineer at Hitachi Energy

### Governance

1. Chairs and Node Representatives (NR) are voting members of the Steering Committee (SC).
2. Founders (F) and Industry Ambassadors (IA) are invited as non-voting participants at SC meetings. 
3. The SC decides about when and where the Signals (a.k.a. annual network meetings) take place.
4. The SC decides who is SC Chair (SCC) and Signals Program Chairs (SPC).
5. The SCC and SPC decide about who is invited and assigned as NR and IA.
6. SC, F, NR, and IA nominates participants to Signals and SPC decides how many and whom to invite.

## Signals

We have since 2003 held annual network meetings aka Signals, were we exchange ideas and discuss any interesting topics related to requirements of software-based systems, including research, teaching and practice of RE. Signals are typically lunch to lunch at a university somewhere in Sweden. Everyone travel on their own budget and we aim at a minimal admin overhead. 

### Coming Signal

* *Coming Up:* [**SiREN Signal 2025**](2025/index.html). Venue to be decided.

### Past Signals

* [2024, Linköping](2024/index.html) May 13 -14
* 2023, Göteborg 2-3 Nov, **20 YEARS ANNIVERSARY**
* (2020 planned for Göteborg, *cancelled by Corona*)
* 2019, Lund, May 7-8
* 2018, Linköping, May 7-8, **15 YEARS ANNIVERSARY**
* 2017, Karlskrona, May 11-12
* 2016, Stockholm, May 26-27
* 2015, Västerås, May 25-26
* 2013, Malmö, May 30-31, **10 YEARS ANNIVERSARY**
* 2012, Göteborg, May 3-4
* 2011, Jönköping, May 12-13
* 2010, Ronneby, April 26-27
* 2009, Lund April 27-28
* 2008, Umeå, March 27-28, **5 YEARS ANNIVERSARY**
* 2007, Göteborg, March 15-16 
* 2006, Ronneby, May 23-24 
* 2005, Skövde, April 14-15 
* 2004, Linköping, October 20-21 
* 2004, Stockholm, April 15-15 
* 2003, Lund, October 22-23 
* 2003, Lund, June 12-13 

## Forums

If you are doing software engineering research with a requirements engineering angle you are recommended to publish at these core forums:

* [**REJ**](https://link.springer.com/journal/766): Requirements Engineering, *journal*: (Springer-Nature), a high-impact journal with good reputation.
* [**RE**](https://conf.researchr.org/series/RE): Requirements Engineering, *international conference*: (IEEE/ACM), a top-tier conference with a low acceptance rate.
* [**REFSQ**](https://refsq.org): Requirements Engineering Foundation for Software Engineering, *international working conference* (Springer LNCS), invites on-going work and novel research, you hear it first at REFSQ!

## Contribute

Contribute to these pages by opening an issue and subsequent pull request here: <br>
[github.com/sirensweden/sirensweden.github.io](https://github.com/sirensweden/sirensweden.github.io)

Commit message:

add mandate period rule to governance

src/index.md, after:


## Swedish Requirements Engineering Network

![](img/siren-logo.png "SiREN logo")

*Network meeting comming up:* [**SiREN Signal 2025**](2025/index.html)

## About

* **SiREN** is a non-profit network of **academic scholars in Sweden** with a deep interest in **Requirements Engineering (RE) research and practice**.

* Our annual meetings focus on work by **PhD students** in Sweden with a thesis project in any way connected to requirements of software-based systems.

* We also invite research-oriented software engineering **practitioners** from Swedish industry with a deep interest in RE.

## Organisation

Contact bjorn.regnell@cs.lth.se if you are interested in becoming a Node Representative or Industry Ambassador of SiREN. If you are a PhD student in Software Engineering with an interest in Requirements Engineering and wants to participate at SiREN Signal meetings then contact a Node Representative near you.


### Chairs and Founders

* Signals Program Co-chairs: [Docent Jennifer Horkoff](https://www.chalmers.se/en/persons/jenho/) and [Professor Eric Knauss](https://www.chalmers.se/en/persons/knauss/)
* Steering Committee Chair, Co-founder: [Professor Björn Regnell](https://cs.lth.se/bjorn-regnell/)
* Co-founder: [Professor Kristian Sandahl](https://liu.se/en/employee/krisa34)
* Co-founder: [Professor Jürgen Börstler](https://www.bth.se/eng/staff/jurgen-borstler-jub/)
* Co-founder: [Professor Emerita Anne Persson](https://www.linkedin.com/in/anne-persson-9959073/)

### Node Representatives

* Göteborg: [Professor Eric Knauss](https://www.chalmers.se/en/persons/knauss/)
* Karlskrona: [Professor Daniel Mendez Fernandez](https://www.bth.se/staff/daniel-mendez-fernandez-dmz/)
* Linköping: [Docent Lena Buffoni](https://liu.se/medarbetare/olero90)
* Lund: [Senior Lecturer Marcus Borg](https://cs.lth.se/markus-borg/)
* Malmö: TBD
* Mälardalen: [Senior Lecturer Luciana Provenzano](https://www.es.mdu.se/staff/2958-Luciana_Provenzano)
* Stockholm: [Senior Lecturer Eric Svee](https://www.su.se/profiles/ersv6598-1.188778)

### Industry Ambassadors

* [Anders Ekman](https://www.linkedin.com/in/anders-ekman-271563/), Stockholm, CEO at Celeris Consulting 
* [Peter Sjöberg](https://www.linkedin.com/in/petersjoebergvaesteras/), Västerås, Senior Systems Engineer at Hitachi Energy

### Governance

1. Chairs and Node Representatives (NR) are voting members of the Steering Committee (SC).
2. Founders (F) and Industry Ambassadors (IA) are invited as non-voting participants at SC meetings. 
3. The SC decides about when and where the Signals (a.k.a. annual network meetings) take place.
4. The SC decides who is SC Chair (SCC) and Signals Program Chairs (SPC).
5. The SCC and SPC decide about who is invited and assigned as NR and IA.
6. The mandate period length are decided upon appointment, normally at least 2 yeats. Appointees can be reelected.
7. SC, F, NR, and IA nominates participants to Signals and SPC decides how many and whom to invite.

## Signals

We have since 2003 held annual network meetings aka Signals, were we exchange ideas and discuss any interesting topics related to requirements of software-based systems, including research, teaching and practice of RE. Signals are typically lunch to lunch at a university somewhere in Sweden. Everyone travel on their own budget and we aim at a minimal admin overhead. 

### Coming Signal

* *Coming Up:* [**SiREN Signal 2025**](2025/index.html). Venue to be decided.

### Past Signals

* [2024, Linköping](2024/index.html) May 13 -14
* 2023, Göteborg 2-3 Nov, **20 YEARS ANNIVERSARY**
* (2020 planned for Göteborg, *cancelled by Corona*)
* 2019, Lund, May 7-8
* 2018, Linköping, May 7-8, **15 YEARS ANNIVERSARY**
* 2017, Karlskrona, May 11-12
* 2016, Stockholm, May 26-27
* 2015, Västerås, May 25-26
* 2013, Malmö, May 30-31, **10 YEARS ANNIVERSARY**
* 2012, Göteborg, May 3-4
* 2011, Jönköping, May 12-13
* 2010, Ronneby, April 26-27
* 2009, Lund April 27-28
* 2008, Umeå, March 27-28, **5 YEARS ANNIVERSARY**
* 2007, Göteborg, March 15-16 
* 2006, Ronneby, May 23-24 
* 2005, Skövde, April 14-15 
* 2004, Linköping, October 20-21 
* 2004, Stockholm, April 15-15 
* 2003, Lund, October 22-23 
* 2003, Lund, June 12-13 

## Forums

If you are doing software engineering research with a requirements engineering angle you are recommended to publish at these core forums:

* [**REJ**](https://link.springer.com/journal/766): Requirements Engineering, *journal*: (Springer-Nature), a high-impact journal with good reputation.
* [**RE**](https://conf.researchr.org/series/RE): Requirements Engineering, *international conference*: (IEEE/ACM), a top-tier conference with a low acceptance rate.
* [**REFSQ**](https://refsq.org): Requirements Engineering Foundation for Software Engineering, *international working conference* (Springer LNCS), invites on-going work and novel research, you hear it first at REFSQ!

## Contribute

Contribute to these pages by opening an issue and subsequent pull request here: <br>
[github.com/sirensweden/sirensweden.github.io](https://github.com/sirensweden/sirensweden.github.io)
